"Life, loathe it or ignore it, you can't like it." -- Marvin, "Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
A long-forgotten loved one will appear soon. Buy the negatives at any price.
A visit to a fresh place will bring strange work.
A vivid and creative mind characterizes you.
Abandon the search for Truth; settle for a good fantasy.
Accent on helpful side of your nature. Drain the moat.
Artistic ventures highlighted. Rob a museum.
Avert misunderstanding by calm, poise, and balance.
Avoid gunfire in the bathroom tonight.
Be cheerful while you are alive. -- Phathotep, 24th Century B.C.
Be free and open and breezy! Enjoy! Things won't get any better so get used to it.
Beauty and harmony are as necessary to you as the very breath of life.
Better hope the life-inspector doesn't come around while you have your life in such a mess.
Beware of Bigfoot!
Beware of a dark-haired man with a loud tie.
Beware of a tall blond man with one black shoe.
Beware of low-flying butterflies.
Beware the one behind you.
Break into jail and claim police brutality.
Bridge ahead. Pay troll.
Celebrate Hannibal Day this year. Take an elephant to lunch.
Chicken Little only has to be right once.
Communicate! It can't make things any worse.
Courage is your greatest present need.
Day of inquiry. You will be subpoenaed.
Do not overtax your powers.
Do nothing unless you must, and when you must act -- hesitate.
Do what comes naturally. Seethe and fume and throw a tantrum.
Don't feed the bats tonight.
Don't go surfing in South Dakota for a while.
Don't look now, but there is a multi-legged creature on your shoulder.
Don't plan any hasty moves. You'll be evicted soon anyway.
Don't read any sky-writing for the next two weeks.
Don't read everything you believe.
Everything will be just tickety-boo today.
Excellent day for putting Slinkies on an escalator.
Fine day for friends. So-so day for you.
Fine day to work off excess energy. Steal something heavy.
Good day for overcoming obstacles. Try a steeplechase.
Good night to spend with family, but avoid arguments with your mate's new lover.
Hope that the day after you die is a nice day.
If you think last Tuesday was a drag, wait till you see what happens tomorrow!
Is that really YOU that is reading this?
It's all in the mind, ya know.
Just because the message may never be received does not mean it is not worth sending.
Let me put it this way: today is going to be a learning experience.
Life is to you a dashing and bold adventure.
Live in a world of your own, but always welcome visitors.
Living your life is a task so difficult, it has never been attempted before.
Long life is in store for you.
Love is in the offing. Be affectionate to one who adores you.
Make a wish, it might come true.
Never look up when dragons fly overhead.
Next Friday will not be your lucky day. As a matter of fact, you don't have a lucky day this year.
Of course you have a purpose -- to find a purpose.
People are beginning to notice you. Try dressing before you leave the house.
Perfect day for scrubbing the floor and other exciting things.
Questionable day. Ask somebody something.
Reply hazy, ask again later.
Snow Day -- stay home.
So this is it. We're going to die.
So you're back... about time...
Someone is speaking well of you. How unusual!
Someone whom you reject today, will reject you tomorrow.
That secret you've been guarding, isn't.
The whole world is a tuxedo and you are a pair of brown shoes. -- George Gobel
There is a fly on your nose.
This life is yours. Some of it was given to you; the rest, you made yourself.
Time to be aggressive. Go after a tattooed Virgo.
Today is the first day of the rest of the mess.
Today is the first day of the rest of your life.
Today is the last day of your life so far.
Tomorrow, you can be anywhere.
Tonight you will pay the wages of sin; Don't forget to leave a tip.
Tonight's the night: Sleep in a eucalyptus tree.
Try the Moo Shu Pork. It is especially good today.
Try to relax and enjoy the crisis. -- Ashleigh Brilliant
Try to value useful qualities in one who loves you.
Tuesday After Lunch is the cosmic time of the week.
While you recently had your problems on the run, they've regrouped and are making another attack.
You are always busy.
You are capable of planning your future.
You are destined to become the commandant of the fighting men of the department of transportation.
You are fairminded, just and loving.
You are not dead yet. But watch for further reports.
You are sick, twisted and perverted. I like that in a person.
You are taking yourself far too seriously.
You are the only person to ever get this message.
You are wise, witty, and wonderful, but you spend too much time reading this sort of trash.
You attempt things that you do not even plan because of your extreme stupidity.
You can do very well in speculation where land or anything to do with dirt is concerned.
You can rent this space for only $5 a week.
You could live a better life, if you had a better mind and a better body.
You enjoy the company of other people.
You feel a whole lot more like you do now than you did when you used to.
You had some happiness once, but your parents moved away, and you had to leave it behind.
You have a deep appreciation of the arts and music.
You have a strong appeal for members of the opposite sex.
You have an unusual understanding of the problems of human relationships.
You have no real enemies.
You have taken yourself too seriously.
You have the capacity to learn from mistakes. You'll learn a lot today.
You like to form new friendships and make new acquaintances.
You look like a million dollars. All green and wrinkled.
You look tired.
You love your home and want it to be beautiful.
You may be gone tomorrow, but that doesn't mean that you weren't here today.
You may worry about your hair-do today, but tomorrow much peanut butter will be sold.
You need no longer worry about the future. This time tomorrow you'll be dead.
You now have Asian Flu.
You plan things that you do not even attempt because of your extreme caution.
You recoil from the crude; you tend naturally toward the exquisite.
You seek to shield those you love and you like the role of the provider.
You should go home.
You teach best what you most need to learn.
You will always have good luck in your personal affairs.
You will be Told about it Tomorrow. Go Home and Prepare Thyself.
You will be a winner today. Pick a fight with a four-year-old.
You will be aided greatly by a person whom you thought to be unimportant.
You will be audited by the Internal Revenue Service.
You will be awarded a medal for disregarding safety in saving someone.
You will be called upon to help a friend in trouble.
You will be divorced within a year.
You will be given a post of trust and responsibility.
You will be imprisoned for contributing your time and skill to a bank robbery.
You will be run over by a bus.
You will be singled out for promotion in your work.
You will be the victim of a bizarre joke.
You will become rich and famous unless you don't.
You will engage in a profitable business activity.
You will gain money by a fattening action.
You will get what you deserve.
You will have a long and boring life.
You will have domestic happiness and faithful friends.
You will have long and healthy life.
You will hear good news from one you thought unfriendly to you.
You will live to see your grandchildren.
You will meet an important person who will help you advance professionally.
You will obey or molten silver will be poured into your ears.
You will outgrow your usefulness.
You will pass away very quickly.
You will pioneer the first Martian colony.
You will probably marry after a very brief courtship.
You will soon forget this.
You will stop at nothing to reach your objective, but only because your brakes are defective.
You will triumph over your enemy.
You will visit the Dung Pits of Glive soon.
You would if you could but you can't so you won't.
You'd like to do it instantaneously, but that's too slow.
You'll be called to a post requiring ability in handling groups of people.
You'll feel much better once you've given up hope.
You'll never be the man your mother was!
You'll wish that you had done some of the hard things when they were easier to do.
You're currently going through a difficult transition period called "Life."
You're not my type. For that matter, you're not even my species!!!
You're ugly and your mother dresses you funny.
You're working under a slight handicap. You happen to be human.
You've been leading a dog's life. Stay off the furniture.
Your aims are high, and you are capable of much.
Your best consolation is the hope that the things you failed to get weren't really worth having.
Your business will assume vast proportions.
Your depth of comprehension may tend to make you lax in worldly ways.
Your fly might be open (but don't check it just now).
Your goose is cooked. (Your current chick is burned up too!)
Your ignorance cramps my conversation.
Your life would be very empty if you had nothing to regret.
Your love life will be happy and harmonious.
Your lucky number is 3552664958674928. Watch for it everywhere.
Your reasoning powers are good, and you are a fairly good planner.
Your step will soil many countries.
Your supervisor is thinking about you.
